[DOCS-7687] Update Exact Term Search configuration in Search Enterprise 4.0 (#1551)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: search-enterprise/latest/config/index.md

      - ./exactTermSearch.properties:/usr/local/tomcat/webapps/alfresco/WEB-INF/classes/alfresco/search/elasticsearch/config/exactTermSearch.properties
```

> If you are working on the Content Services version 23.3+, refer to the following sample:
> 
> ```docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Content Services 23.3, refer to the following sample:

```yaml
```
